[#652] Remove tilt infrastructure (#657)
boozallen/aissemble: DRAFT_RELEASE_NOTES.md

+         secrets.unseal.keys==key1,key2,key3
```

## For projects moving to Helmfile

> For the `helmfile apply` command to work users will also need to install the `helm-diff` plugin with the following command:

Reviewer: A:
```suggestion
Much of the migration to Helmfile can be automated with Baton migrations by including the command line flag `-Daissemble.enable.helmfile.migration` during the `baton-migrate` step of _Finalizing the Upgrade_.  To prepare local environments for using Helmfile, users will need to install the `helm-diff` plugin (alongside the [Helmfile](https://helmfile.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#installation)) with the following command:
```

Author: made change!

```bash
helm plugin install https://github.com/databus23/helm-diff
```

> **Note:** To enable the helmfile generation and ArgoCD removal migration, include the `aissemble.enable.helmfile.migration` property key when run the migration script, e.g.: `./mvnw org.technologybrewery.baton:baton-maven-plugin:baton-migrate -Daissemble.enable.helmfile.migration`

Reviewer: A: Recommend deleting this if we make the changes above, however I'd make these changes to where this note appears in the finalization steps.
```suggestion
**Note:** To enable Helmfile migrations, include `-Daissemble.enable.helmfile.migration` i.e.:
   `./mvnw org.technologybrewery.baton:baton-maven-plugin:baton-migrate -Daissemble.enable.helmfile.migration`
```

Author: Updated note here
